and grace for the body of champions today
I'm going to show you how to prepare a
liquefied protein that tastes very rich and you
I recommend why because we use the
snow side they are seeing milk from
almond and of course protein I'm a
of the people who like to do
their diets high in protein then
run a little bit the protein powder
to be able to reach my macros much more
easy join me this is very simple
the drawbacks is your blender and the
Three ingredients mentioned above ok
is simple started placing in
almond milk
There are people there who ask what
milk I recommend if the almond or the
regular depending if you are tolerant to
the lactose or if you prefer to consume
your fats in milk that you are
almond of course has much more
fat or you prefer to consume your proteins
of milk like irregular protein ok
once put the milk in the container
now it's time to put the protein
Here you're put your speech protein
of protein and
and this and finally to give it a touch
We're going to put snow on him because
because it will come out as if it were marked
very rich and also gives a touch
delicious to the snow to me I like this
what is the banana with the almond you
you can place the one you like most if you
like vanilla
if you like chocolate strawberry here
tastes break genres everyone
has the final decision ok there is my
side already
and ready once all the
ingredients follows the simplest of the
process that is doing this
remember that the ideal is that you consume
products that you like as you can see
there I am checking that there has not been
pieces of protein remain lumpy
golden on the walls of the blender
it's very simple the only thing you can
do is also put a spoon and
Scrape the walls so you do not run
dust sometimes gets stuck dust and
in this way to make sure that
everything is ready if the ice cream fits in your
macros as long as you have complied
your fruits the vegetables are
micronutrients your fiber forward do it
do not be afraid to consume the
food is over and see the
consistency that remains is very rich
it looks like it's a little pesito protector
and nothing much wonder brother a lot
wonder
and finally you can obviously
place it in a glass I like
take me directly from here
because I like to feel like I'm
eating in great profit I leave you the
macros in the description I hope you
I liked my protein shake that
It tastes delicious subscribe and give it a like
I give him laical video 'pelé laical video
or subscribe and let me comment know
What else do you want to be? What do you want?
laicos john writes the mail that is
appearing on your screen bodies of
@ hotmail.com sticking champions
awesome not health
And it is